src/documents/about/licensing.html.md, before:

---
layout: page-sidebar
title: Image Licensing
---

<ul class="breadcrumb">
  <li><a href="/">Home</a> <span class="divider">/</span></li>
  <li><a href="/about/">About</a> <span class="divider">/</span></li>
  <li class="active">Licensing</li>
</ul>

I believe art is meant to be shared and not hoarded. So my licensing policies are designed to balance the costs of producing and distributing the images with the hope that they may inspire people around the world. In a nutshell, for non-commercial use, you are **free** to use my images however you want so long as you give me a link back to EricLeslie.com. Cool right? Otherwise, additional licensing is required for commercial use.

### Creative Commons
With Creative Commons you are free to:

* To Share: Copy, Distribute and Transmit the image
* To Remix: Create derivative works of the image

Under these conditions: 

* **Attribution**: Attribution to Eric Leslie and EricLeslie.com must be included with the image.
* **Non-commercial**: The image may not be used for any commercial purposes under any circumstances. See examples of acceptable use below.

#### Samples of acceptable use of Creative Commons License
* Article about how to use a circular polarizer
* Blog post about the Cascade Mountains
* Website for a school project about the future of digital photography
* Someone using an image for a computer desktop wallpaper

### License to Rights Managed
*"Commercial Use"* regarding the use of images online or off-line is defined very broadly. The determination of commercial or non-commercial use is based on the contextual use of the image. The determination is NOT based on the tax-filing status of the entity using the image nor on whether or not a financial transaction takes place.

Commercial use of my images is allowed only if expressly granted by Eric Leslie. All commercial uses will incur a licensing fee. I **will not** accept links or attribution in exchange for commercial use. My fees are based fairly on the following criteria:

* Media - TV, web, Internet, etc.
* Distribution – number of copies printed, audience size, exposure (regional, national, international)
* Duration Use - month, year, etc.
* Prominence - 1/4 page, 1/2 page, full page, spread, front cover, back cover, home page (online), interior page (online), etc.

#### Sample Uses Requiring License to Rights Managed
* A marketing campaign for a commercial entity
* Website about coffee that wants to use an image
* TV commercial for a not for profit entity
* Individual print for use in a private home

All licensing inquires should be sent to [Eric@ericleslie.com](mailto:eric@ericleslie.com)

Commit message:

Got site started with structured data

src/documents/about/licensing.html.md, after:

---
layout: page-sidebar
title: Image Licensing
description: My Images are licensed Creative Commons Non-commercial With Attribution and require additional licensing to be used commercially.
---

<ul class="breadcrumb">
  <li><a href="/">Home</a> <span class="divider">/</span></li>
  <li><a href="/about/">About</a> <span class="divider">/</span></li>
  <li class="active">Licensing</li>
</ul>

I believe art is meant to be shared and not hoarded. So my licensing policies are designed to balance the costs of producing and distributing the images with the hope that they may inspire people around the world. In a nutshell, for non-commercial use, you are **free** to use my images however you want so long as you give me a link back to EricLeslie.com. Cool right? Otherwise, additional licensing is required for commercial use.

### Creative Commons
With Creative Commons you are free to:

* To Share: Copy, Distribute and Transmit the image
* To Remix: Create derivative works of the image

Under these conditions: 

* **Attribution**: Attribution to Eric Leslie and EricLeslie.com must be included with the image.
* **Non-commercial**: The image may not be used for any commercial purposes under any circumstances. See examples of acceptable use below.

#### Samples of acceptable use of Creative Commons License
* Article about how to use a circular polarizer
* Blog post about the Cascade Mountains
* Website for a school project about the future of digital photography
* Someone using an image for a computer desktop wallpaper

### License to Rights Managed
*"Commercial Use"* regarding the use of images online or off-line is defined very broadly. The determination of commercial or non-commercial use is based on the contextual use of the image. The determination is NOT based on the tax-filing status of the entity using the image nor on whether or not a financial transaction takes place.

Commercial use of my images is allowed only if expressly granted by Eric Leslie. All commercial uses will incur a licensing fee. I **will not** accept links or attribution in exchange for commercial use. My fees are based fairly on the following criteria:

* Media - TV, web, Internet, etc.
* Distribution – number of copies printed, audience size, exposure (regional, national, international)
* Duration Use - month, year, etc.
* Prominence - 1/4 page, 1/2 page, full page, spread, front cover, back cover, home page (online), interior page (online), etc.

#### Sample Uses Requiring License to Rights Managed
* A marketing campaign for a commercial entity
* Website about coffee that wants to use an image
* TV commercial for a not for profit entity
* Individual print for use in a private home

All licensing inquires should be sent to [Eric@ericleslie.com](mailto:eric@ericleslie.com)
