src/documents/about/prints.html.md, before:

---
layout: page-sidebar
title: About Eric Leslie
---

<ul class="breadcrumb">
  <li><a href="/">Home</a> <span class="divider">/</span></li>
  <li><a href="/about/">About</a> <span class="divider">/</span></li>
  <li class="active">Prints</li>
</ul>

###Artist Proof Prints
All of my prints are available as Artist Proof Prints. I personally inspect, sign and number each print ensuring museum quality work gets shipped. This is perfect for collectors that want the absolute best quality with my personal stamp of approval. I do not offer my prints in limited editions to create artificial scarcity just to command a higher price. As an artist, I create these pieces to be seen and enjoyed by everyone, not just the top tiered collectors that can afford expensive art. So if you're a collector, you still get to own something that's really scarce because I sell many more un-proofed and unsigned prints. If you're an art lover, you can also afford to own one of my prints.

###Standard Fine-art Prints
All of my photographs are available on professional quality Kodak ENDURA paper with a lustre finish. This paper is rated to display for 100 years so you can ensure these collectible prints have true archival lifespans.

<div class="row">
	<div class="span4">
		<h3>Canvas Wraps</h3>
		<img src="/assets/images/canvas-prints.jpg" width="90px" class="img-rounded pull-left" style="margin: 0 10px 10px 0">
		<p>Photographs are printed directly on museum quality canvas using high quality archival inks. The canvas is then stretched over a frame leaving the edges of the photo visible from the side. Choosing canvas is bold way of displaying an image having a depth of texture and a presence traditional prints cannot match.</p>
	</div>
	<div class="span4">
		<h3>Metal Prints</h3>
		<img src="/assets/images/metal-prints.jpg" width="90px" class="img-rounded pull-left" style="margin: 0 10px 10px 0">
		<p>Metal prints are the latest way to display a photo. It actually infuses the dyes directly into coated aluminum. The amount of detail, the resolution, the color and the luminescence is unsurpassed.</p>

		<ul>
			<li>Prints are extremely durable without glass</li>
			<li>Vivid color and brilliant luminescent images</li>
			<li>Ultra-hard scratch-resistant and waterproof finish</li>
			<li>Stylish float mount included</li>
			<li>Each print is a one-of-a-kind piece of art</li>
		</ul>

	</div>
</div>

###Custom Printing
All the printing options available at checkout are the most popular choices. If there is a particular paper or mounting option you want, I will get it for you. I can print on **Kodak ENDURA Metallic** paper which has a glossy finish and metallic appearance that creates images with exceptional visual interest and depth. At the top is the ultra premium **Fuji Pearl** that offers sharp detail and high intensity colors that are sure to knock your socks off. Contact me for an estimate.

###Discounts
Are you decorating a new office expansion or a room in your home and need 3 or more prints? I offer discounts on orders of 3 or more prints. Contact me for an estimate.

###Testimonials
>Dear Eric, I wish to thank you for sending me your beautiful Waterfall photograph.  Every time I look at it I am touched because you seem to have captured the very essence of the beauty of Nature.  Your work is exquisite, and you obviously have a natural eye for seizing the perfect moment of when to take a photo to embrace Nature in all its glory.  The first time I viewed your photo albums, I was overjoyed and even mesmerized that you were able to procure such amazing photos.  You are a true Artist of the highest order.  It’s clear you take pride in your work, going to extraordinary lengths to reach the zenith of your craft.  Thank you so much for all you do to bring such beauty to the <small>[Mary Montalvo](http://www.marymontalvo.com), Poet</small>

Commit message:

Got site started with structured data

src/documents/about/prints.html.md, after:

---
layout: page-sidebar
title: About Fine-art Prints
description: No digital screen compares to seeing an image in print. Decorate your home with local landscape images or poses from a recent portrait shoot.
---

<ul class="breadcrumb">
  <li><a href="/">Home</a> <span class="divider">/</span></li>
  <li><a href="/about/">About</a> <span class="divider">/</span></li>
  <li class="active">Prints</li>
</ul>

###Artist Proof Prints
All of my prints are available as Artist Proof Prints. I personally inspect, sign and number each print ensuring museum quality work gets shipped. This is perfect for collectors that want the absolute best quality with my personal stamp of approval. I do not offer my prints in limited editions to create artificial scarcity just to command a higher price. As an artist, I create these pieces to be seen and enjoyed by everyone, not just the top tiered collectors that can afford expensive art. So if you're a collector, you still get to own something that's really scarce because I sell many more un-proofed and unsigned prints. If you're an art lover, you can also afford to own one of my prints.

###Standard Fine-art Prints
All of my photographs are available on professional quality Kodak ENDURA paper with a lustre finish. This paper is rated to display for 100 years so you can ensure these collectible prints have true archival lifespans.

<div class="row">
	<div class="span4">
		<h3>Canvas Wraps</h3>
		<img src="/assets/images/canvas-prints.jpg" width="90px" class="img-rounded pull-left" style="margin: 0 10px 10px 0">
		<p>Photographs are printed directly on museum quality canvas using high quality archival inks. The canvas is then stretched over a frame leaving the edges of the photo visible from the side. Choosing canvas is bold way of displaying an image having a depth of texture and a presence traditional prints cannot match.</p>
	</div>
	<div class="span4">
		<h3>Metal Prints</h3>
		<img src="/assets/images/metal-prints.jpg" width="90px" class="img-rounded pull-left" style="margin: 0 10px 10px 0">
		<p>Metal prints are the latest way to display a photo. It actually infuses the dyes directly into coated aluminum. The amount of detail, the resolution, the color and the luminescence is unsurpassed.</p>

		<ul>
			<li>Prints are extremely durable without glass</li>
			<li>Vivid color and brilliant luminescent images</li>
			<li>Ultra-hard scratch-resistant and waterproof finish</li>
			<li>Stylish float mount included</li>
			<li>Each print is a one-of-a-kind piece of art</li>
		</ul>

	</div>
</div>

###Custom Printing
All the printing options available at checkout are the most popular choices. If there is a particular paper or mounting option you want, I will get it for you. I can print on **Kodak ENDURA Metallic** paper which has a glossy finish and metallic appearance that creates images with exceptional visual interest and depth. At the top is the ultra premium **Fuji Pearl** that offers sharp detail and high intensity colors that are sure to knock your socks off. Contact me for an estimate.

###Discounts
Are you decorating a new office expansion or a room in your home and need 3 or more prints? I offer discounts on orders of 3 or more prints. Contact me for an estimate.

###Testimonials
>Dear Eric, I wish to thank you for sending me your beautiful Waterfall photograph.  Every time I look at it I am touched because you seem to have captured the very essence of the beauty of Nature.  Your work is exquisite, and you obviously have a natural eye for seizing the perfect moment of when to take a photo to embrace Nature in all its glory.  The first time I viewed your photo albums, I was overjoyed and even mesmerized that you were able to procure such amazing photos.  You are a true Artist of the highest order.  It’s clear you take pride in your work, going to extraordinary lengths to reach the zenith of your craft.  Thank you so much for all you do to bring such beauty to the <small>[Mary Montalvo](http://www.marymontalvo.com), Poet</small>
